Environments Cleanup Job Doc Verification (#385)
kyma-project/kyma-environment-broker: docs/contributor/06-20-environments-cleanup-cronjob.md

>**CAUTION:** The CronJob must run only in the development environment. You must be connected to the development Kubernetes cluster before applying the CronJob.

> >**NOTE:** Environments Cleanup CronJob is applied manually, there is no automatic release process for the job because of its destructiveness. To get more details on how to apply the job visit its [`README`](../../utils/kyma-environments-cleanup-job/README.md). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>**NOTE:** Environments Cleanup CronJob is applied manually. There is no automatic release process for the job because of its destructiveness. To get more details on using the job, visit its [`README`](../../utils/kyma-environments-cleanup-job/README.md). 
```

Environments Cleanup CronJob removes Kyma Environments which are older than 24h. The CronJob is scheduled to run daily at midnight local time defined in the system.

## Prerequisites

Environments Cleanup requires access to:
- Gardener project of choice to filter Shoots without a proper label and remove lingering shoots
- the Kyma Environment Broker (KEB) database to get an Instance ID for each SAP BTP, Kyma runtime marked for deletion
- KEB to trigger Kyma runtime deprovisioning

> - Provisioner endpoints to cleanup clusters provisioner directly in Provisioner omittin KEB

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Provisioner endpoints to cleanup clusters provisioned directly in Provisioner omitting KEB
```

| **APP_DATABASE_NAME** | Specifies the name of the database. | `provisioner` |
| **APP_DATABASE_SSLMODE** | Activates the SSL mode for PostgrSQL. See [all the possible values](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/9.1/libpq-ssl.html).  | `disable`|
| **APP_DATABASE_SSLROOTCERT** | Specifies the location of CA cert of PostgreSQL. (Optional)  | None |
| **APP_DATABASE_SECRET_KEY** | Database encryption key. (Optional) | None |
| **APP_BROKER_URL**  | Specifies the KEB URL. | `https://kyma-env-broker.kyma.local` |
| **APP_PROVISIONER_URL** | Url to the provisioner endpoint. | `kcp-provisioner:3000` | 

> | **APP_PROVISIONER_QUERY_DUMPING** | Allows for logging GraphQL queries sent to the Provisioner. | `false` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **APP_PROVISIONER_QUERY_DUMPING** | Allows for logging GraphQL queries sent to Provisioner. | `false` |
```
